as we approach the holidays it's time
for parents once again to start thinking
about what toys will make their kids
happy joining us to share some of the
hottest toys in the market for this
holiday season is the toy insider mom
Laurie Shaq Laurie welcome thanks so
much for being here all right and we
want to talk about this kind of funky
little aquarium that you sent over that
I have on my desk yes soon and I do yeah
I know I'm trying to hold it up I've got
two little frogs jumping around
african dwarf frogs did your neighbors
yet no no we ran that after this
interview on they're really cute so let
me tell you about this because it is
very cute and again it's a hard age
group so this is something different
okay so the frogs by the way come in the
mail they come FedEx and that's how
yours came in mind game but you're
looking at a real ecosystem it's the
jewel eco aquarium the gravel they call
it living gravel it helps filter the
water it's low low maintenance so you
put you change the water once every
three months you only have to feed them
twice a week and and it comes with a
year's worth of food so easy teachers
responsibility they get to see how a
whole ecosystem works it's just a great
item Wow
so yeah I was actually gonna ask you it
seems like well it looks like a little
high-maintenance for them again I've got
you know little kids at home so this is
for older kids is really for nine and up
so it is you know you want to teach some
responsibility but like I said easy
maintenance so you know not so bad for
for mom or dad to go in and check and
help out a little all right I cannot
leave this came in a FedEx box yes it
did that's pretty amazing
so spring water on the side no no no now
every year there's always you know the
it toy that you have to line up for
really early what's that going to be
here you know and every year I say the
same thing there isn't one size that
fits all so you know there is something
for everyone know your child's passion
know what they like look for toys that
are going to last with them and grow
with them alright but is there any buzz
out about any toy that's really gaining
them popular you know what all the toys
I brought here and there's a whole bunch
of them you know I'm the toy insider we
pick about a hundred toys for parents to
choose from and if you go to the toy
insider calm you can take a look at the
fullest alright you're starting to self
le so there's no space for
procrastinating right
no no not at all toys will sell out
quickly so if you see it get it all
right Lori thanks so much thanks for
having me back alright and for more you
can check out as she mentioned the toy
insider calm that's all we have for this
edition of now you know I'm Meg Oliver
in New York thanks so much for watching
ABC news now
good to know